The President:
Hi everybody.
I'm talking with you today from
Ivy Tech Community College
in Indianapolis, where I just
held a town hall and heard
from everyday Americans about
what we can do, together,
to make their lives
a little better.
This week, we got news that
confirms what we already
know -- that our businesses
continue to create jobs
for hardworking folks
all across the country.
Last month, America's
businesses added
another 267,000 jobs.
In 2014, our economy created
more than 3.1 million jobs
in all -- the best
year for job growth
since the late 1990s.
All told, over the
past 59 months,
the private sector has added
11.8 million new jobs-the
longest streak on record.
And in the single most hopeful
sign for middle class families,
wages are rising again.
America is poised for
another good year - as long
as Washington works to
keep this progress going.
We have to choose -- will
we accept an economy where
only a few of us do
spectacularly well,
or will we build an economy
where everyone who works
hard can get ahead?
Because while we've
come a long way,
we've got more work to do to
make sure that our recovery
reaches more Americans,
not just those at the top.
That's what middle-class
economics is all about --
the idea that this country
does best when everyone
gets their fair shot,
does their fair share,
and everyone plays by
the same set of rules.
This week, I sent
Congress a budget built
on middle-class economics.
It helps families afford
childcare, health care,
college, paid leave at
work, homeownership,
and saving for retirement,
and it could put thousands
of dollars back into the
pockets of a working
family each year.
It helps more Americans learn
new skills to earn higher wages,
including by making two
years of community college
free for responsible students
all across the country.
It invests in the research
and infrastructure our
businesses need to compete
and create high-paying jobs.
And it pays for this with smart
spending cuts and by fixing
a tax code that's riddled with
special-interest loopholes
for folks who don't need
them, allowing us to offer
tax breaks to students and
families who do need them.
I believe this is where we need
to go to give working families
more security in a time of
constant economic change.
And I'll work with
anyone-Republican or
Democrat-who wants to get
to "yes" on these issues.
We won't agree on everything,
and that's natural --
but we should stop
refighting old battles,
and start working together
to help you succeed
in the new economy.
That's what you elected
us to do -- not
to turn everything into
another Washington food fight,
but to have debates
that are worthy
of this country, and to
build an economy not
just where everyone can
share in America's success,
but where everyone can
contribute to America's success.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.